in Rafa the aid trucks pass through but
do not often
pause the UN is
here but cannot always
help and so with her daughter lying sick
man feels
[Music]
stuck my husband is missing I don't know
anything about him in Gaza where the
communications are down we don't have
money to spend or to eat and nobody is
helping us the situation is dangerous
where should we
go smiles here are still possible but
with his six young children now sitting
in a single tent s Al sakani wants the
world to
intervene we don't want war we're tired
we want a decent life enough how many
family and friends have we
lost leaving the chaos of a carun
hospital a tiny baby and a bandaged
child
face engulfed with dust and
despair meanwhile gaza's largest most
historic MOS rendered into Rubble by the
bombing while spiraling smoke Smothers
the
skyline the gunfire goes
on far above the aircraft keeps circling
there is little light left for those
down
below vill marks Al
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer